You are really Long Shuai
I wanted to change my clothes and propose here
Now it seems
Some people insist on hitting my nature
Then don't blame me for being ruthless
I will definitely give you and Yueyue justice today.
It's a pity that Long Jingtian didn't give you an award
The acting is really good
Too bad none of us believed it
Is it you or what Long Shuai?
If you were Long Shuai, I would still be Long Shuai's father
You were a poor boy five years ago
Come back in five years and pretend to be Dragon Shuai
Ye Fanxin
You don't really believe what kind of dragon handsome he is, do you?
Long Shuai's eyes are not so bad
Ye Fanxin is not worthy of Long Shuai
Since I gave you a chance, you don't cherish it
Han Xin, I won't today
Because they are your relatives, I will show mercy
Haha, you guys are very cooperative when you sing and follow your women.
Miss Song
In a while, you have to let Long Shuai support you well?
Of course you not only steal but also hit people
Of course I'll teach you a good lesson
I said I am Long Shuai
And my daughter doesn't steal.